good afternoon From Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, and you are St. Petersburg, Russia, so I ask people from Russia, how do you support this war in Ukraine, a special operation, what do you call the war? Russia is now receiving stars from small Ukraine, they fled from the Kyiv region of Sumy Chernihiv from Kharkiv they heated the cruiser Moscow near Kherson now they are leaving the estuary of bodies hit How it turns out now under Russia on the territory of Ukraine if you gave the territory of Russia to the Luhansk region the territories of Russia after its announcement by the armed forces Ukraine recaptured the city of Liman, it turns out according to yours it’s on the territory of Russia, it was not necessary before, it’s not necessary After he signed, he says Well, when Liman was recaptured Say then the next day after signing Putin indicated there should have been No, now everything is officially accepted, I understood This you are not about that recaptured recaptured I t  [ __ ] now, like a pizdabolu pulled up for the
bazaar again, it turns out I
understood correctly what it means he signed Well, the
constitutional court and the Federation Council have
not yet approved it, it is not considered
Russian territory, they can be.
Yes, it’s Dema signed Yes, everything has already been
done well, look now Our
troops are wooing you, they are giving you near Kherson, they are squeezing out
new territory, so it turns out
that the last Davydov Grotto was squeezed out there.
You hear yourself,
we have squeezed our
territory from you.  these
territories of Russia Listen to me now,
if you say that we have squeezed out the territory of
Russia We went in like this In the meantime,
just suck
trying hard but it turns out look under the
lemon they banged a bunch of your orcs, so to
speak
people look on the
internet look  I understand correctly
that the
Russians didn’t die under the lemon Just tell me, I
won’t argue simply Why didn’t they die
near Kherson, don’t you look at
that just recently, just two weeks ago,
they announced grass
where
there’s Russian pancake there outside of Paris
Everything that you can happened
muzzles of
March  2002 Are you transporting the
Ukrainian language to Google
and looking at the date
like this March 1,
2022 here is the UN General Assembly
reading it
General snot he adopted
Russia can block in the Security Council
and he They have no power Yes he
really Yes but the
Security Council he  sometimes he makes a decision
that I understand correctly that you
think that when he says the resolution is
that Russia is a state of an [ __ ], select
this recommendation to everyone to consider Russia an
[ __ ] where What is written
Who said he voted
[music]
Okay, let me see now Let's
come Look,
I'll make pictures and that's it  people
will look I was a star or you were a star
and you are a pizdabol I think that con
Of course, you never know Russians
will be crap and this is chocolate
Nutel I say no
Okay come on
[laugh]
now you [ __ ] yourself laughed you offended me with
this something that no I'm just
[ __ ] getting moral satisfaction
such flawed it annoys you When
you get When  you [ __ ] up something you
thought that the person got sick from
it got morally How do you say
satisfaction and the person just sits
[ __ ] sends you the [ __ ]
this person instead of leaving
sits and justifies how he endured
that you are laughing And that you are laughing
[ __ ] up
I like Justify it
so I  I'm stating a fact, I'm going to come on right away
Well, you're
[ __ ] incurable when they tell
you something, this is how you sit here, again,
[ __ ] understand, you're laughing, trying yours, it's
not interesting how many minutes you'll
be patient justifying yourself Why don't you
run away
to leave, yes, I started laughing at you and you started  And
what are you laughing about,
then let's see the
bearded type, he wanted to make
himself Terrible and  it turned out to be terpils It’s cool
and I endured
such things You understand I
didn’t go over to the person I went over Well,
because you are weak you don’t have
you don’t understand you don’t have
arguments of the screen of this word of the bazaar
The more you understand that there is a dick
knows  where you can scream and it’s very
interesting it satisfies you you
think so cool really cool I
think so
well done
for five minutes
No later on the comments and we’ll see
Well let’s talk let’s I need a
little longer Erase the question I’ll ask
Let’s know such a Great
writer of yours who
heard let’s  Explain to me already Great how
you listened You should know and not hear
Clearly You
can type a question
in front of your computer So what is he Great question What is he
Great if he is an ordinary translator He is not a
writer he is a translator what is his Greatness
look at
that age when  he lived his work so
there is great activity
you asked what a great
writer he is I don't ask  He is a great
man
because in those Centuries he was smarter and more
creative than you are now and here you are
not you for God's sake I'm not smart You
explain to me why he is Great words I say
He is a great man but why is he
for example We want an appointment they call him a
great writer I even  I
don’t know if he wrote because I know his
poem I don’t know his poem is
Virgil’s poem,
it’s just the word Enaida yes Dial
Well, I’m telling you plump, type in,
see Krylov Krylov also took stories
I asked you a question, do you look at me or are
you [ __ ]
great
he is in comparison with you, for example, I asked you a
question answer me answer
me why he is a great writer
you start telling me about some kind of wing I
wing you
In short, it’s because they’re used to it,
like they’re pretending to be a brutka there, grew
something there, don’t be there, a face like that knows a
boy like that,
crap from the
General Assembly, he wasn’t, there wasn’t tacos
yes, that is, he takes it to us, and then when
he was dunked on ours, everything I run away
When I start to hold
me, you laugh it’s you, the
usual
typical Russian gopnik, yes, in the market
there, you laugh a little bit
shorter than me, then because you’re far away,
you’re far away, hell yeah  it turns out
that you don’t want to rock yourself, such videos come in before
Andrey, an attempt. In short, it
can just leave, it can go away so that in the afternoon it’s shorter than
his type, they can’t do anything
shorter, and upstairs on Kotlerovsky, I
know the reasons there, for example.
people need their own time, the screw will actually give
Pushkin’s formulas, and so on. So the people are
Black Square, that is, damn it, just damn it,
lathered black garbage
on the back, then you know it’s
great also wines in which of them it
can do it
and there avant-gardism I don’t know how it is
is called zapechatkov then this is a
great Lyudka,
you mean
to
see centurions there, and here it will be possible
low dishes and pull up more from me you
times Shevchenko Yes wine Great not But the
insoles of wines wrote yes And because of that I am
Queen and posts Yes the Ukrainian nation of his
work Ivan Franko the Great Yes his
work gave the Great post Ivan
Kotlyarevsky
for wiring the Ukrainian nation
tsalyudina played his era was a participant in the role And such
the fishermen will
rot away and their fishermen
will go
away, don’t subscribe to the channel
about them.